+--------------------------------------------------------------------+
|                                                                    |
|                     FEN ZI 10.24 license                           |
|                                                                    |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------+

If you agree to this license then you may download FEN ZI from
http://gcl.cis.udel.edu/projects/fenzi/

University of Delaware 
FEN ZI: yun dong de FEN ZI - moving MOLECULES

By downloading and using this Software, the Licensee hereby explicitly
agrees to the terms and conditions in the attached License. Upon
execution of this Agreement by the Licensee, the University of
Delaware, on behalf of Global Computing Laboratory (GCL), will provide
the FEN ZI molecular dynamics software ("FEN ZI") in Executable Code
and/or Source Code form ("Software") to Licensee, subject to the
following terms and conditions. For purposes of this Agreement,
Executable Code is the compiled code, which is ready to run on
Licensee's computer. Source code consists of a set of files which
contain the actual program commands that are compiled to form the
Executable Code.

1. The Software is intellectual property owned by the University of
Delaware, and all right, title and interest, including copyright,
remain with the University of Delaware.  The University of Delaware
grants, and License hereby accepts, a restricted, non-exclusive,
non-transferable license to use the Software for academic, research
and internal business purposes only, e.g. not for commercial use (see
Clause 7 below), without a fee.

2. Licensee may, at its own expense, create and freely distribute
complimentary works that interoperate with the Software, directing
others to the GCL server to license and obtain the Software
itself. Licensee may, at its own expense, modify the Software to make
derivative works.  Except as explicitly provided below, this License
shall apply to any derivative work as it does to the original Software
distributed by the University of Delaware.  Any derivative work should
be clearly marked and renamed to notify users that it is a modified
version and not the original Software distributed by the University of
Delaware.  Licensee agrees to reproduce the copyright notice and other
proprietary markings on any derivative work and to include in the
documentation of such work the acknowledgment:

"This software includes code developed by the FEN ZI Team at the Global
 Computing Laboratory at the University of Delaware."

Licensee may redistribute without restriction works with up to 1/2 of
their non-comment source code derived from at most 1/10 of the
non-comment source code developed by the University of Delaware and
contained in the Software, provided that the above directions for
notice and acknowledgment are observed.  Any other distribution of the
Software or any derivative work requires a separate license with the
University of Delaware.  Licensee may contact the University of
Delaware (fenzi@gcl.cis.udel.edu) to negotiate an appropriate license
for such distribution.

3. Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE UNIVERSITY OF DELAWARE MAKES NO
REPRESENTATIONS AND EXTENDS NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR THAT THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE
WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY PATENT, TRADEMARK, OR OTHER RIGHTS.  LICENSEE
ASSUMES THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE RESULTS AND PERFORMANCE OF THE
SOFTWARE AND/OR ASSOCIATED MATERIALS.  LICENSEE AGREES THAT UNIVERSITY
SHALL NOT BE HELD LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIM BY LICENSEE OR ANY THIRD
PARTY ON ACCOUNT OF OR ARISING FROM THIS AGREEMENT OR USE OF THE
SOFTWARE AND/OR ASSOCIATED MATERIALS.

4. Licensee understands the Software is proprietary to the University
of Delaware. Licensee agrees to take all reasonable steps to insure
that the Software is protected and secured from unauthorized
disclosure, use, or release and will treat it with at least the same
level of care as Licensee would use to protect and secure its own
proprietary computer programs and/or information, but using no less
than a reasonable standard of care.  Licensee agrees to provide the
Software only to any other person or entity who has registered with
the University of Delaware. If licensee is not registering as an
individual but as an institution or corporation each member of the
institution or corporation who has access to or uses Software must
agree to and abide by the terms of this license. If Licensee becomes
aware of any unauthorized licensing, copying or use of the Software,
Licensee shall promptly notify the University of Delaware in
writing. Licensee expressly agrees to use the Software only in the
manner and for the specific uses authorized in this Agreement.

5. By using or copying this Software, Licensee agrees to abide by the
copyright law and all other applicable laws of the U.S. including, but
not limited to, export control laws and the terms of this license. The
University of Delaware shall have the right to terminate this license
immediately by written notice upon Licensee's breach of, or
non-compliance with, any terms of the license. Licensee may be held
legally responsible for any copyright infringement that is caused or
encouraged by its failure to abide by the terms of this license. Upon
termination, Licensee agrees to destroy all copies of the Software in
its possession and to verify such destruction in writing.

6. The user agrees that any reports or published results obtained with  
the Software will acknowledge its use by the appropriate citation as  
follows:

"FEN ZI was developed by the Global Computing Lab at the University of
Delaware."

Any published work which utilizes FEN ZI shall include at least one of
the following references:

"M. Taufer, N. Ganesan, and S. Patel: GPU enabled Macromolecular
Simulation: Challenges and Opportunities. IEEE Computing in Science
and Engineering (CiSE), 15(1): 56 - 64, 2013."

"N. Ganesan, B.A. Bauer, S. Patel, and M. Taufer: Structural, Dynamic,
and Electrostatic Properties of Fully Hydrated DMPC Bilayers from
Molecular Dynamics Simulations Accelerated with Graphical Processing
Units (GPUs). Journal of Computational Chemistry, 32(14): 2958 â€“ 2973,
2012."

"B.A. Bauer, J.E. Davis, M. Taufer, and S. Patel: Molecular Dynamics
Simulations of Aqueous Ions at the Liquid-Vapor Interface Accelerated
Using Graphics Processors, J. Comp. Chem., Volume 32, Issue 3, Pages
375-385, 2011."

"N. Ganesan, B. Bauer, S. Patel and M. Taufer: FEN ZI: GPU Enabled
Molecular Dynamics Simulation of Large Membrane Regions Based on
CHARMM Force Field and PME. In Proceedings of the Tenth IEEE Workshop
on Hi-Performance Computational Biology (HiCOMB), May 2011, Anchorage
(Alaska) USA."

Electronic documents will include a direct link to the official FEN ZI page  
at http://gcl.cis.udel.edu/projects/fenzi

7. Commercial use of the Software, or derivative works based thereon,
REQUIRES A COMMERCIAL LICENSE.  Should Licensee wish to make
commercial use of the Software, Licensee will contact the University
of Delaware (fenzi@gcl.cis.udel.edu) to negotiate an appropriate
license for such use. Commercial use includes: (1) integration of all
or part of the Software into a product for sale, lease or license by
or on behalf of Licensee to third parties, or (2) distribution of the
Software to third parties that need it to commercialize product sold
or licensed by or on behalf of Licensee.

8. Government Rights. Because substantial governmental funds have been
used in the development of FEN ZI, any possession, use or sublicense of
the Software by or to the United States government shall be subject to
such required restrictions.

9. FEN ZI is being distributed as a research and teaching tool and as
such, GCL encourages contributions from users of the code that might,
at the University of Delaware' sole discretion, be used or
incorporated to make the basic operating framework of the Software a
more stable, flexible, and/or useful product.  Licensees who
contribute their code to become an internal portion of the Software
agree that such code may be distributed by the University of Delaware
under the terms of this License and may be required to sign an
"Agreement Regarding Contributory Code for FEN ZI Software" before can
accept it (contact fenzi@gcl.cis.udel.edu for a copy).

UNDERSTOOD AND AGREED.

Contact Information:

The best contact path for licensing issues is by e-mail to
fenzi@gcl.cis.udel.edu or send correspondence to: 
FEN ZI Team 
Global Computing Laboratory (GCL) 
101 Smith Hall 
Newark DE 19711 

If you agree to this license then you may download FEN ZI from
http://gcl.cis.udel.edu/projects/fenzi/
